Improve wording on the updated gitpod info (#130)
seqeralabs/nf-training-public: asciidocs/setup.adoc

=== Gitpod resources

> - Gitpod gives you 50 hours of free environment runtime per month using the standard workspace (up to 4 cores, 8 GB RAM and 30GB storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gitpod gives you 500 free credits per month, which is equivalent to 50 hours of free environment runtime using the standard workspace (up to 4 cores, 8 GB RAM and 30GB storage).
```

> - The large workspace option gives you up to 8 cores, 16GB RAM, and 50GB storage for each workspace (up to 4 parallel workspaces in the free version). It's important to mention that this option uses more free credits so your account will have less than 50h/month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is also a large workspace option that gives you up to 8 cores, 16GB RAM, and 50GB storage for each workspace (up to 4 parallel workspaces in the free version). However, the large workspace uses your free credits quicker so your account will have fewer hours of access to this space.
```
